[Applause]
thank you for joining us on the day
after Labor Day also known as back to my
horrible life day I hope you had a good
and long holiday weekend you know it's
kind of funny we go back to work and
inevitably you ask your co-workers how
was your weekend I was a vacation even
though you've already seen every detail
of every trip every meal every cocktail
and every sunset on Instagram you know
it all already we should just come into
work and say you had a good weekend they
estimate that more than 16 million
Americans traveled by air over the
holiday weekend and here's a fun
statistic they did a study the germiest
place of the airport the place with the
highest levels of virus bacteria are
those plastic security tubs at the TSA
which is kind of surprising I mean who
would have ever guessed that the the
tubs were a million sweaty travelers
throw their shoes every day would be
full of germs
so don't lick those that's important
this is our first day back at the office
after two weeks off and I did some
traveling over the break my wife and I
took the kids to went to two places
Northern Ontario and Montana which I
guess it was a vacation I wouldn't
necessarily call it that because our
daughters for our sauna is 16 months old
it was like traveling with a monkey and
a wild pig and their toys what we did on
the trip we came up with a great idea
and I'm looking for investors if someone
is interested a plane that flies next to
your plane that carries all the kids of
the people on the adult plan
Wow an all baby plane we're gonna call
it Airy Poppins and it's gonna be you
what do you think your mo you get a
vacation right that's a great idea thank
you very much yes you always on top did
you gain a few pounds over the break
about ten how about Ted yeah I like that
I like you fatso what did you do over
the break Jimmy I went to Cabo with my
family you went to Cabo
yeah be honest were you at all concerned
they might not let you back in fine I
want to ask about your trip because you
posted this on your Instagram what was
going on there oh I was fishing with the
dolphins you were fishing with dolphin
yeah I'm always swimming okay good
you're not allowed to fish with dolphins
I'm sorry
we're backing and every time we go home
I catch on forget my English yeah you
forget how sweet yeah show me that
picture again because what's most
amazing to me about this photograph is
you are actually cuter than a dolphin
[Music]
demented fishing because I did some
fishing I wasn't dolphin fishing but I
was in Montana I was now this is video
of the Blackfoot River in Montana
unbeknownst to me my brother-in-law
brought a drone camera so I don't you
see I'm there in the bottom right hand
corner of the screen I'm sitting in the
back of that three-man boat I had no
idea there was a camera flying so I here
allow I hear a buzzing and I look up and
I my reaction to what I thought was the
biggest bug in the world was to put my
way that again it because you can see
when I spot this and then let's see here
again when I I hear the the drone and
then I I was gonna punch it if you liked
that video click the subscribe button
but only if you're ready for commitment